# L1 Oops, owl!

#### 正文

    Two owls.
    Small owl.
    Big owl.
    Oops, owl!
    Fast owl.
    Two owls.

#### 单词

    moon -> star
    tree => branch
    owl
    oops
    fast
    * big <==> * small
    * two

#### 配音

    Watch out!

# L2 The picnic

#### 正文

    the park
    the pizza
    the people
    the pasta
    the pie
    the pinata
    see the picnic!

#### 单词

    * park
    tree
    table cloth -> cup -> plate
    box
    * pizza -> * pasta -> * pie
    * people
    weater
    face -> mouth -> teeth -> head -> hair-> hand-> arm-> eye
    pinata
    string
    picnic

#### 交际

    A Fine Day
    La la la good morning.
    Oh, hey morning.
    La la la good afternoon.
    Oh, good afternoon.
    La la la good night.
    Oh, say good night.
    Good night!
    Let's go to bed.

# L3 See

#### 正文

    See a tiger. See a tail.
    See a rat. See a tail.
    See a monkey. See a tail.
    See a dragon. See a tail.

#### 单词

    * tiger -> * rat -> * monkey
    * see
    leaf -> pumpkin
    face -> eye -> ear -> foot -> hand -> tail

#### 配音

    Our eggs!

# L4 See the Mouse

#### 正文

    See the mouse.
    See the house.
    See the chair.
    See the book.
    See the room.
    See the bed.
    See the window.
    See the bird.

#### 单词

    * house -> * window
    grass -> stone
    mouse -> * bird
    * chair -> sofa
    vase -> flower -> plant
    foot -> ear
    * book
    hat
    clock
    * bed

#### 交际

    How are you?
    I am fine, Thank you

# L5 My Family TRee

#### 正文

    This is my mum.
    This is my dad.
    This is my sister.
    This is my brother.
    This is my grandparents.
    And these are my other grandparents!

#### 单词

    * mum => * dad => * sister <==> * brother
    grandparents => grandfather
    * this <--> * these
    coat -> dress
    dog -> bird
    table -> sofa
    book
    sea - > sand -> lawntree

#### 配音

    Cramp. Cramp.
    Look at that!

# L6 My Hat My Cap

#### 正文

    This is my hat.
    This is my cap.
    Look at my hat.

#### 单词

    eye -> nose -> hair -> face -> teeth -> mouth -> hand -> head -> ear
    tie -> hat -> cap -> glove -> scarf -> coat -> shirt
    camel

#### 交际

    What's your name?
    My name is Tobbit.

# L7 Cats

#### 正文

    A cat has eyes.
    A cat has esrs.
    A cat has teeth.
    A cat has fur.
    A cat has legs.
    A cat has tail.

#### 单词

    eye -> nose -> ear -> whiskers -> tail -> paw -> tongue -> tooth(复数teeth) -> fur -> leg
    grass -> wood -> rock

#### 配音

    Everyone, stand back.

# L8 In th Garden

#### 正文

    In the tent.
    In the sandpit.
    In the glass.
    In the leaves.
    In the mud.
    In the bath!

#### 单词

    T-shirt -> pants -> hat
    mower -> shovel -> bucket -> rake -> watering can
    glass -> leaf(leaves) -> sand -> mud
    fly
    bath -> tap
    tent
    bubble
    toy

#### 交际

    How old are you?
    Can you guess?
    Let me count.
    One, two, three, four, five, six!
    I am four.
    How old is he?
    He is six

# L9 We Like to Go

#### 正文

    We like to go to the store.
    We like to go to the school.
    We like to go to the library.
    We like to go to the pool.
    We like to go to the park.
    We like to go to the playground.
    We like to go to the zoo.
    We like to go have fun!

#### 单词

    store -> school -> library -> pool -> park -> playground -> zoo
    man -> woman -> boy -> girl
    fruit
    window
    books
    computer
    shoes -> pants -> trousers -> blouse
    water -> grass -> tree
    nose -> hair -> mouth -> ear -> eye
    fun

#### 配音

    No means no.

# L10 Fly Away Home

#### 正文

    Ladybird is on the tree.
    Ladybird is on the leaf.
    Ladybird is on the shed.
    Ladybird is on the pond.
    Ladybird is on the flower.
    Ladybird is happy.

#### 单词

    tree -> leaf
    ladybird -> caterpillar -> snail -> butterfly -> bee -> fish
    shed -> roof -> window -> door
    grass -> flower -> sunflower -> leaf
    pond -> water
    happy
    clip
    T-shirt

#### 交际

    Tobbit isn't vary nice.
    He never says "Thank you."
    Tobbit isn't vary polite.
    He never says "Sorry."
    No friend. No games.
    How poor Tobbit is.
    Tobbit is vary nice.
    He tries to say "Thank you."
    Tobbit is vary polite.
    He tries to say "Sorry."
    Many friend. Many games.
    How happly Tobbit is.

# L11 Look

#### 正文

    I am Sam.
    I look at Pam.
    I look at Tam.
    I see a cat!
    I look at the cat!
    I tap the Cat!
    Scat, cat, scat!

#### 单词

    eye -> ear -> nose -> mouth -> tail
    flower -> stone -> grass -> pond
    chicken -> dog -> cat -> duck
    hay
    egg
    Scat

#### 配音

    Yay!
    I'm ready to go!

# L12 Traffic

#### 正文

    Look at the bike.
    Look at the motorcycle.
    Look at the van.
    Look at the bus.
    Look at the truck.
    Look at the car.
    Look at the traffic.

#### 单词

    traffic
    man
    bike -> motorcycle -> van -> bus -> truck -> car
    road
    tire

#### 交际

    This is Tobbit.
    He likes laughing
    This is Eddie.
    He likes reading
    This is Darling.
    She likes shopping
    This is Foodie.
    He likes eating.
    This is Belly.
    He likes cooking.
    This is Tiny.
    She likes dancing
    This is Molly.
    She likes singing.
